IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING 
THE SOFTWARE:

Welcome to JUCE 6! This JUCE 6 end-user licence agreement (Agreement) is a legal
 agreement between you (Licensee or you) and Raw Material Software Limited (RMS,
 Licensor, us or we) for the JUCE 6 Framework, which includes both the JUCE Code
 and the Projucer and DemoRunner Software, and the associated media. For the pur
poses of this Agreement, JUCE Personal, JUCE Pro, JUCE Indie, JUCE Education, sh
all be described as "Code", and Projucer and DemoRunner shall be described a
s "Software" and the Code and Software may be described as "Framework". 
Users of JUCE 5 should refer to the JUCE 5 End-User License Agreement. Users of 
JUCE 4 should refer to the JUCE 4 End-User License Agreement.

IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ALL USERS:

    BY CLICKING ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON LINKING TO THESE TERMS, OR BY DOWNLOADING
, INSTALLING OR USING THE JUCE FRAMEWORK, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEME
NT, AND ALL INCORPORATED TERMS INCLUDING THE JUCE PRIVACY POLICY AND WEBSITE TER
MS OF SERVICE, AS APPLICABLE, WHICH WILL BIND YOU.

    IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, WE WILL NOT LICENSE THE 
JUCE FRAMEWORK TO YOU AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE THE INSTALLATION OR DOWNLOAD PROC
ESS OR CEASE USE OF THE JUCE FRAMEWORK.

    If you are accepting the terms of this Agreement on behalf of a company or o
ther legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind
 that company or other legal entity to the terms of this Agreement and, in such 
event, "you" and "Licensee" will refer to that company or other legal en
tity.
    You affirm that you are at least 18 years of age. If you are not 18 years of
 age but you are at least the age of 13, you may use the JUCE Framework only if 
your parent or guardian agrees to be bound by this Agreement. Parents and guardi
ans of users under the age of 18 agree to the terms of this Agreement, and any r
eference to "you" shall include the parent or guardian.

You should print a copy of this Licence for future reference.

Each JUCE licence comes with similar, yet slightly different features, which are
 fully explained in the chart found here. A truncated version of the chart is fo
und directly below.
 	JUCE Personal Free	JUCE Indie $40	JUCE Pro $130	Education Free
Splash screen	'Made with JUCE' splashscreen	Custom animation or none
	Custom animation or none	'Made with JUCE' splash screen
Revenue or funding limit	$50k	$500k	No limit	No limit
Minimum commitment	 	1 month	1 month	 
One-off perpetual price	 	$800	$2,600	 

Each type of JUCE licence also comes with different Minimum Commitments, Revenue
 Limits and Fees, as discussed below.

REVENUE LIMITS AND MINIMUM COMMITMENTS

There are different licences and options for use of the JUCE Code, and each lice
nce has different Minimum Commitments, Revenue Limits and features. To see the f
ull set of features and functionality of each licence, please visit https://shop
.juce.com/get-juce. The following describes the Minimum Commitments and Revenue 
Limits for each licence. Revenue Limits are based on gross revenue, meaning all 
monies collected, including through funding, whether it be received in connectio
n with your JUCE Applications or not, without offsets of any kind.

JUCE Personal

JUCE Personal comes with one licence seat and aims to provide individuals with t
he opportunity to utilize JUCE free of charge. We provide this licensing option 
to grow the base of developers who can engage with JUCE and explore its capabili
ties. To this end, there is no Minimum Commitment. However, you may only use you
r JUCE Personal to release Applications up to a Revenue Limit of $50,000 (USD or
 currency conversion equivalent). This means that if gross revenue is generated 
or raised by you in the amount of $50,000 or more, which is gross revenue, witho
ut offsets of any kind and based on overall monies collected, then you may only 
continue to release your Application in connection with your JUCE Personal licen
ce if (a) you license your Application as an open-source project under the GNU L
icense, as further described in clause 1.8 below, or (b) you upgrade to JUCE Ind
ie or JUCE Pro, as applicable. If you want to distribute your Application, but d
on't want to release your Application under the GNU License, then you must upg
rade to either JUCE Indie or JUCE Pro.

JUCE Indie

JUCE Indie is for smaller companies and teams generating less than a Revenue Lim
it of $500k per year in gross revenue or funding. Companies qualifying for JUCE 
Indie can acquire multiple licences for $40/month per developer under the subscr
iption plan or $800 for a one-off perpetual licence per developer. We require a 
1-month Minimum Commitment for the JUCE Indie subscription plan. You may release
 Applications with your JUCE Indie licence up to a Revenue Limit of $500,000. Th
is means that if your company's total gross revenue earned or raised exceeds $
500,000, then you will be required to either upgrade to JUCE Pro, license your A
pplication as an open-source project under the GNU License, or stop using the Fr
amework and distributing your Applications.

JUCE Pro

JUCE Pro is for businesses and teams and is also offered as a per-developer lice
nce, with a Fee required for each developer on a team or within a business who u
ses JUCE Pro. Companies can acquire the JUCE Pro license for $130/month per deve
loper under the subscription plan or $2,600 for a one-off perpetual licence per 
developer. We require a 1-month Minimum Commitment for the JUCE Pro subscription
 plan. There is no Revenue Limit for use of JUCE Pro.

JUCE Education

JUCE Education is offered to bona fide educational institutions and comes with a
 number of seats as requested by the educational institution. JUCE Education is 
free and does not come with any Minimum Commitments or Revenue Limits. You agree
 to submit any requested documentation to show proof of a bona fide educational 
institute.

What are the Projucer and the DemoRunner?

The Projucer and DemoRunner are not to be confused with the JUCE Code. The Proju
cer is rather a Software project management tool to be used with the JUCE Code t
hat helps you organize your Code. The DemoRunner is a simple app showcasing the 
capabilities of the JUCE Code. Both are included in your JUCE licence. The Proju
cer and the DemoRunner are referred to as "Software," and the JUCE Code toge
ther with the Projucer and DemoRunner Software are collectively referred to as â
€œFramework" throughout this Agreement.

What is the GNU General Public License?

If you exceed your Revenue Limit for JUCE Personal and don't want to upgrade t
o a JUCE Indie or JUCE Pro license, then to distribute your Applications you mus
t release the source code under the open-source GNU General Public License v.3 a
s described in this Agreement.

During the term of this Agreement, you expressly acknowledge and agree that if y
ou are a JUCE Personal, JUCE Indie user and the Revenue Limit thresholds, above,
 are exceeded, then you may no longer use that tier of the Framework to distribu
te Applications, and to continue distributing Applications you must either: (a) 
purchase a different JUCE licence (if eligible); (b) cease distributing your App
lications; (c) license your Applications under the GNU License. We may monitor y
our compliance with and enforce these restrictions and requirements as described
 in clause 10.4 below.

1. Grant and scope of Licence for the Framework

1.1. We do not sell the Framework to you. The Framework is licensed to you as de
scribed in this Agreement and we remain the owners of the Framework at all times
. Provided you adhere to the terms of this Agreement, including payment of Fees 
and Minimum Commitments, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except 
as provided in clause 11.2 below) licence to download, develop, and modify the C
ode to enable the development of the Applications on the terms of this Agreement
, and to download the Software to be used in connection with the Code.

1.2. The following five JUCE modules are governed by the permissive ISC License:
 juce_core, juce_audio_devices, juce_audio_basics, juce_events, juce_blocks.

1.3. Each JUCE licence includes New Features and Minor Updates for that specific
 JUCE license and all previous versions of JUCE, but does not include New Releas
es.

1.4. Each JUCE licence comes with a specific number of seats for users to utilis
e the Framework, and you agree that only one user may utilise the Framework per 
seat offered in your specific JUCE licence for the purposes of coding and develo
pment. Note: if you have a JUCE Pro license and are installing JUCE on multiple 
computers and such computers are only being used for compilation and testing, su
ch usage is included in your JUCE Pro license and no additional seats are requir
ed.

1.5. You may not use JUCE Personal, JUCE Indie, JUCE Pro or JUCE Education simul
taneously. You may not combine or integrate your Licensee Content developed with
 one tier of the Code (e.g., JUCE Personal) simultaneously with any of your Lice
nsee Content that you develop with another tier (e.g., JUCE Indie or JUCE Pro).

1.6. You may sell or distribute Applications using the Code that incorporates yo
ur Licensee Content to end users, provided that you adhere to the terms in this 
Agreement, including paying applicable Fees once you hit your Revenue Limit. You
 may not sell, sublicense, or otherwise distribute the Code or Software on their
 own.

1.7. Where you have licensed JUCE Education, you may be requested to provide cer
tain documentation before being approved, and RMS reserves the right in its sole
 discretion to decline authorization for JUCE Education.

1.8. Remember, unless you upgrade to JUCE Indie or JUCE Pro, if you exceed the R
evenue Limit for JUCE Personal and you want to continue distributing Application
s, then you must do so under the GNU GPLv3 License. The GNU GPLv3 is an open-sou
rce licence and requires, among other things, that you make your source code ava
ilable and license modified files and larger derived works (including all linked
 code) under the same terms of the GNU License. Please review the terms of the G
NU GPLv3 License carefully.

1.9 You may not create Applications directed toward Children, unless you fully c
omply with the COPPA rules, including without limitation obtaining verifiable pa
rental consent, as further described in clause 10 below. You are responsible for
 any liabilities arising out of a violation of COPPA.

1.10. Each particular type of JUCE license comes with certain features as descri
bed further in this chart, and you agree to only use the JUCE Framework as is al
lowed under your particular JUCE licence, including not removing the JUCE splash
 screen if you have the JUCE Personal or JUCE Education license.

2. Restrictions

Except as expressly set out in this Agreement or as permitted by any local law, 
you undertake:

2.1. not, in whole or in part, to copy the Framework except where such copying i
s incidental to normal use of the Framework;

2.2. not to rent, lease, sub-license, loan, translate, merge, adapt, vary or mod
ify the Framework nor permit the Framework or any part of it to be combined with
, or become incorporated in, any other programs or frameworks;

2.3. not to do anything that could cause or result in the Framework being subjec
t to any open source licence (or similar licence) that requires as a condition o
f use, modification or distribution that the Framework or other software combine
d or distributed with the Framework be:

2.3.1.disclosed or distributed in source code form; 2.3.2. licensed for the purp
ose of making derivative works; or 2.3.3. redistributable at no charge.

[please note if you are interested in an open source option, please review the J
UCE Personal licence terms referenced in clause 1.8 above]

2.4. not to disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer or create derivative works
 based on the whole or any part of the Framework nor attempt to do any such thin
gs except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law;

2.5. to maintain accurate and up-to-date records of the number and locations of 
all copies of the Framework;

2.6. to comply with all applicable laws, including all technology control or exp
ort laws and regulations;

2.7. to supervise and control use of the Framework and ensure that the Framework
 is used by your employees and representatives in accordance with the terms of t
his Agreement;

2.8. not to use the Framework in connection with any Licensee Content, Applicati
on or otherwise that infringes or misappropriates any third party right, includi
ng any intellectual property, property, privacy, contract or other proprietary r
ight or for any other illegal or immoral purpose;

2.9. not to delete or in any manner alter any of our copyright, trademark or oth
er proprietary rights notices or markings appearing on or in the Framework;

2.10.not otherwise use, copy, transfer or distribute the Framework or part of it
, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, in any manner which is incons
istent with this Agreement.

3. Fees and Minimum Commitments.

3.1. Where you have purchased a JUCE subscription licence, you agree to pay the 
subscription Fee from the first day of purchase, and recurring every month on th
e same day, for the Minimum Commitment, where applicable. Through purchasing a s
ubscription you authorise RMS to send instructions to the financial institution 
that issued your payment card to take Fees from your card account in accordance 
with this Agreement.

3.2. We may change the Fees associated with our subscription plans from time to 
time, or may upgrade a subscription license to the latest New Release of the Fra
mework. These changes will be communicated to you in advance. Subject to applica
ble law, you accept the new Fee or New Release by continuing to use the Framewor
k after the change has taken effect. You have the right to reject a Fee change o
r New Release by terminating your subscription prior to the change going into ef
fect.

3.3. Where you have purchased a perpetual licence you agree to pay the Fee as no
tified to you on the Website at the time you purchase your JUCE licence.

3.4. All payments of Fees are non-refundable.

3.5. All Fees payable under this Agreement are exclusive of VAT or any relevant 
local sales taxes, for which you shall be responsible.

3.6. Without limiting all available remedies, in the event RMS discovers that yo
u have exceeded your Revenue Limit in breach of this Agreement, you shall be lia
ble for the amount of Fees due if you had properly purchased a JUCE licence, the
 amount of any audit, and internal administration costs in the amount of no less
 than Â£1,000.

4. Support

4.1. We shall have no obligation to provide support and maintenance services to 
you. You may participate in our online support forum in accordance with our foru
m policies in place from time to time. Further support and maintenance services 
may be offered at our sole discretion, and may be offered as a feature of the JU
CE licence you purchase.

4.2. You acknowledge and agree that we have no obligation under this Agreement t
o provide New Features, Minor Updates, or New Releases of the Framework.

5. Intellectual Property Rights

5.1. You acknowledge that all Intellectual Property Rights in the Framework and 
all copies thereof throughout the world belong to us, that rights in the Framewo
rk are licensed (not sold) to you, and that you have no rights in, or to, the Fr
amework other than the right to use it in accordance with the terms of this Agre
ement.

5.2. You shall own all modifications you make to the Code, and all Intellectual 
Property Rights therein, that are created and incorporated in the Application, s
ubject to our continuing ownership of the Framework and all associated Intellect
ual Property Rights in the Framework.

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

6.1. The Framework is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, includi
ng without limitation any warranties that the Framework or Application will be u
ninterrupted, error-free or otherwise free from infringement. All other conditio
ns, warranties or other terms whether express or implied, or incorporated into t
his Agreement or any collateral contract, whether by statute, common law or othe
rwise, including without limitation warranty of merchantability or fitness for a
 particular purpose are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
including the implied conditions, warranties or other terms as to satisfactory q
uality, fitness for purpose or the use of reasonable skill and care.

6.2. You acknowledge that the Framework has not been developed to meet your indi
vidual requirements and that it is therefore your responsibility to ensure that 
the facilities and functions of the Framework meet your requirements.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

7.1. Neither RMS nor its parent company, subsidiaries, employees, partners or co
ntractors shall in any circumstances whatsoever be liable to you, whether in con
tract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, aris
ing under or in connection with this Agreement for any indirect, consequential o
r special loss or damage, including but not limited to, for:

7.1.1. loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; business interruption; 7.1.
2. loss of anticipated savings; 7.1.3. loss or corruption of content, data or in
formation; 7.1.4. loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; 7.1.6. a
ny indirect or consequential loss or damage; or 7.1.7. any computer failure or m
alfunction, corruption to or loss of data or files, or any and all other commerc
ial damage or loss.

7.2. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude our liability for: 7.2.1. 
death or personal injury resulting from our negligence; 7.2.2. fraud or fraudule
nt misrepresentation; 7.2.3. any other liability that cannot be excluded or limi
ted by law.

7.3. Subject to clause 7.1 and 7.2, our maximum aggregate liability under or in 
connection with this Agreement whether in contract, tort (including negligence) 
or otherwise, shall in all circumstances be limited to the Fees paid by you to R
MS in the month before the claim arose or $15, whichever is greater.

7.4. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our licensors, partners, aff
iliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from an
y third party claims, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including legal e
xpenses) or otherwise arising directly or indirectly from (i) the Licensee Conte
nt or your Applications; (ii) your use, handling, or operation of the Framework 
otherwise than in accordance with this Agreement, or (iii) any violation of appl
icable laws by you, including without limitation COPPA violations.

7.5. This clause 7 shall survive and shall not be rendered ineffective by the te
rmination or expiry of this Agreement for whatever reason.

8. Term and Termination

8.1. Where you have purchased a JUCE perpetual licence, this Agreement shall rem
ain in effect in perpetuity for the version originally acquired (and any New Fea
tures or Minor Updates acquired under that version) unless terminated by us in a
dvance in accordance with this Agreement.

8.2. Where you have purchased a JUCE subscription licence, this Agreement shall 
remain in effect for the Minimum Commitment and shall renew automatically on a m
onthly basis following expiry of the Minimum Commitment, subject to payment of a
ny applicable Fees.

8.3. Where you have licensed a JUCE Education licence, this Agreement shall rene
w automatically on a monthly basis and remain in effect until the JUCE Education
 licence is terminated or you no longer qualify for the JUCE Education licence.

8.4. Where you have purchased a subscription licence and you fail to pay the sub
scription Fee when it falls due then your JUCE licence will terminate. Where you
r licence is terminated before the end of the Minimum Commitment then you, in an
y event, are still responsible for paying the subscription Fee for the remaining
 term of the Minimum Commitment.

8.5. We may terminate this Agreement immediately by written notice to you if you
 commit a breach of this Agreement which you fail to remedy (if remediable) with
in 14 days after written notice requiring you to do so.

8.6. Upon termination for any reason:

8.6.1. all rights granted to you under this Agreement shall cease, including wit
hout limitation, the rights to deal with the Framework incorporated within the A
pplication; 8.6.2. you must cease all activities authorized by this Agreement, i
ncluding distribution of your Application that incorporates the Framework;

9. Communications Between Us

9.1. If you wish to contact us in writing, or if any condition in this Agreement
 requires you to give us notice in writing, you can send this to us by email at 
info@juce.com. We will confirm receipt of this by contacting you by email.

9.2. If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by t
he email associated with your JUCE licence or by pre-paid post to the address yo
u provide to us in your order for the Framework.

10. Data, Privacy and Publicity

10.1. We may collect and process information about you and your use of our Frame
work, some of which may amount to personal data. Personal data will be collected
 and processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

10.2. You may not use the Framework in connection with any Application that may 
be "directed to children" as defined under the Children's Online Privacy P
rotection Act ("COPPA") unless you fully comply with COPPA and all other sim
ilar applicable laws. You are fully liable for, and will defend, hold harmless a
nd indemnify RMS and its affiliates against any and all liability arising from o
r relating to COPPA in connection with any Application directed to Children.

10.3. You agree that RMS may use your name and logo to publicize that you are us
ing the JUCE Framework in your Applications. You may opt out of this publicity b
y emailing RMS at info@juce.com and we will use best efforts to remove all uses 
of your name or logo within a commercially reasonable time.

10.4 To ensure compliance with this Agreement, you agree that within thirty (30)
 days from the date of our request, you shall provide all pertinent records and 
information requested in order to verify that your installation and use of any a
nd all Frameworks are in compliance with this Agreement, along with a signed ver
ification that all such information is complete and correct. You also agree we m
ay audit applicable records concerning your use of Framework during normal busin
ess hours upon notice to you, at our cost, except in the event the audit reveals
 an underpayment or breach of this Agreement, you shall be liable for the cost o
f the audit.

11. Other Important Terms

11.1. We may transfer our rights and obligations under this Agreement to another
 organisation, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under thi
s Agreement.

11.2. You may transfer your rights or your obligations under this Agreement to a
nother person or entity provided that you are in full compliance with this Agree
ment and provided that you first contact RMS in writing and follow the required 
steps for transfer.

11.3.This Agreement and any document expressly referred to in it constitutes the
 entire agreement between you and us. You acknowledge that you have not relied o
n any statement, promise or representation made or given by or on behalf of us w
hich is not set out in this Agreement or any document expressly referred to in i
t.

11.4. If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under this A
greement, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doin
g so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not
 mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a de
fault by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will
 automatically waive any later default by you.

11.5. Each of the conditions of this Agreement operates separately. If any court
 or competent authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, 
the remaining conditions will remain in full force and effect.

11.6. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

11.6.1. If you are a UK, EU, EEA or Swiss citizen, this Licence shall be governe
d by the laws of England and Wales without regard to its conflict of law rules a
nd you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in London, UK
.

11.6.2. If you are a US citizen, this Licence shall be governed by the laws of C
alifornia without regard to its conflict of laws rules and you consent to the ex
clusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Santa Clara Coun
ty.

11.6.3. If you live outside the US, UK and EU, EEA or Switzerland, you agree to 
the laws and jurisdiction of California as noted above in clause 11.6.2 above.

11.6.4. You may have additional rights as a consumer under your local law.

12. Definitions. The definitions and rules of interpretation in this clause appl
y in this Licence:

12.1. Application(s): desktop or mobile applications developed using the JUCE Co
de, which incorporates the Licensee Content.

12.2. Code: means the JUCE 6 code, specifically, JUCE Personal, JUCE Pro, JUCE I
ndie, JUCE Education, and any New Features and Minor Updates thereto.

12.3. COPPA: means the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, 15 U.
S.C. 6501â€“6505, as may be updated and amended.

12.4. Children: mean children under the age of 13, or as otherwise defined by ap
plicable law.

12.5. Customizations: mean the enhancements, modifications, improvements, or any
 other changes made by RMS to either JUCE or the Licensee code, as specified.

12.6. Fee: the licence fee payable by you to us for use of the Framework as deta
iled further in clause 3 and on the Website.

12.7. GNU License: the GNU General Public License v.3, which governs the terms o
f your JUCE Personal or Indie license if you exceed the Revenue Limit.

12.8. ISC License: the permissive ISC license, which governs the following five 
modules: juce_core, juce_audio_devices, juce_audio_basics, juce_event, juce_bloc
ks.

12.9. Intellectual Property Rights: patents, utility models, rights to invention
s, copyright and related rights, trademarks and service marks, trade names and d
omain names, rights in get-up, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off or 
unfair competition, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rig
hts, rights to preserve the confidentiality of information (including know-how a
nd trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, including all appl
ications for (and rights to apply for and be granted), renewals or extensions of
, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent r
ights or forms of protection which subsist or will subsist, now or in the future
, in any part of the world.

12.10. Licensee Content: any content created, owned or used by the Licensee in c
onnection with the Framework.

12.11. Minimum Commitment: the minimum length of time you must license your JUCE
 Code in order to be eligible for the JUCE licence, depending on the type of you
r JUCE licence.

12.12. Minor Update: any release of bug fixes and small improvements within the 
same version of the JUCE Framework licensed by you (e.g., JUCE 6.1.1 to JUCE 6.1
.2).

12.13. New Features: any release of a new feature within the same version of the
 JUCE Framework licensed by you, but not including New Releases (e.g., JUCE 6.1 
to JUCE 6.2) or other features not included in your specific type of JUCE licens
e.

12.14. New Releases: any new release of a new version of the JUCE Framework, tha
t is not included in this license Agreement, which contains such significant dif
ferences from the previous versions as to be generally accepted in the marketpla
ce as constituting a new product (e.g., JUCE 6 to JUCE 7).

12.15. Framework: the Code and Software.

12.16. Revenue Limit: the total gross annual revenue limit in USD (or the curren
cy conversion equivalent thereof), of a business, whether it be a sole trader, t
eam, or registered company, which shall be calculated as any and all revenue rai
sed, donated towards, earned, or otherwise received in connection with your busi
ness, whether or not in connection with your Applications, before your JUCE lice
nce requires either payment or separate license terms.

12.17. Software: the Projucer software management tool to be used with the JUCE 
Code that helps you organize your Code and any New Features and Minor Updates th
ereto, and the DemoRunner software and any New Features and Minor Updates theret
o.

12.19. Website: means juce.com, and its associated web pages.

12.20. Distributing/Releasing applications: To distribute/release an Application
 means to provide copies of the Application to end users. You are free to develo
p Applications and make modifications to copies of JUCE and use them privately, 
without ever releasing/distributing them. This applies to organizations (includi
ng companies), too; an organization can make Applications and modified versions 
of JUCE and use them internally without ever releasing/distributing them outside
 the organization.
