#########

【最新の文言】2018-12-16追記

    本文書の説明のうち、「許諾申請」、「文字鏡研究会賛助会員」資格の取得や維持については、申請を受け付ける受け皿である文字鏡研究会、文字鏡フォントセンターが解散するので、事実上、一切が不可能になります。

    また、『株式会社紀伊國屋書店』とある部分の記載は、2018年4月末日を以て、『株式会社紀伊國屋書店』と『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』との間のすべての契約関係は終了しておりますので、『株式会社紀伊國屋書店』とある部分（だけ）を全て無効扱いとし、その前後は有効なものとして読んでください。

    なお、株式会社エーアイ・ネットないしはその事業継承者以外の、いかなる団体・個人にも、本契約の権原は継承・譲渡されません。また、オープンソース化もパブリックドメイン化もコピーレフト化もしません。しかしながら、今後、株式会社エーアイ・ネットないしはその事業継承者がどのような意向を示そうとも、既に発表・公開した独特なライセンス形態を持つこのプロプライエタリ・ソフトウェアの一部であるフォントや実行形式ファイルなどは、その原形態を保ったまま、2098年10月11日まで、一定の要件を満たす限りにおいて利用と再配布を許諾する、という趣旨です。

    「今昔文字鏡フォントの使用を明示するイメージマーク」（バナー）の貼付義務は続行となりますが、mojikyo.gr.jpやmojikyo.orgのアドレスへのリンク義務はWikipediaの記事へのリンク指示に差し替えます。すなわち、以下の類のアドレスへのリンクに読み替えてください。

        「https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E4%BB%8A%E6%98%94%E6%96%87%E5%AD%97%E9%8F%A1

        https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/今昔文字鏡

        https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mojikyo

        一部のBlogや「.htaccess」ファイルでは、漢字のアドレスや、%付きアドレスを単純に記入した場合、リンクエラーになることがあります。その場合は%をエスケープ文字で処理して記載すると上手く行くようです。

        .htaccessでのsample:

        RewriteRule ^(.*) https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/\%E4\%BB\%8A\%E6\%98\%94\%E6\%96\%87\%E5\%AD\%97\%E9\%8F\%A1 [R=301,L,NE]

A 	【文字鏡フォントセンターの業務】
「文字鏡研究会」は「文字鏡フォントセンター」で提供する「今昔文字鏡フォント」および「今昔文字鏡フォントを利用するためのソフトウェア」の配布権について、著作権者である株式会社エーアイ・ネットより配布委託契約を結んでいます。これに基づき、「文字鏡研究会」は、更新されるデータやツールを含む「今昔文字鏡フォント」および「今昔文字鏡フォントを利用するためのソフトウェア」を配布する権限を所持します。その管理業務の一切は、文字鏡研究会が運営する「文字鏡フォントセンター」が担当し、主に次のような業務を行います。
1. 	 「今昔文字鏡」未収録文字の収集。
2. 	「今昔文字鏡」収録文字と新規追加文字を含む今昔文字鏡フォントの配布。
3. 	今昔文字鏡フォントを利用するためのソフトウェアの配布。
4. 	「今昔文字鏡フォントの使用を明示するイメージマーク」の配布。
B 	 【今昔文字鏡フォントの使用を明示するイメージマーク】

#########
http://www.mojikyo.org/img/mologo.gif

#########
http://www.mojikyo.org/img/mologomini.gif

#########
http://www.mojikyo.org/img/mologo_anime.gif
C 	【文字鏡フォントセンターから配布されるソフトウェアおよびフォントを利用される方へのご注意】
文字鏡フォントセンターで配布されているソフトウェアおよびフォントを利用する権利を獲得するためには下記の【本件契約】の全てを理解し、ご承諾いただく義務があります。
　 	【本件契約】
本契約は（表題）と（条項）で構成されます。（条項）の全文の最初は（条項開始）、最後は（条項終了）と表記します。
（表題）
「今昔文字鏡フォント」および「今昔文字鏡フォントを利用するためのソフトウェア」のための使用許諾契約書
（条項開始）
第一条 	定義

本契約対象の「今昔文字鏡フォント」とは、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』が著作権を所有するフォントのなかから、『文字鏡研究会』に配布を委託し、『文字鏡研究会』が運営する『文字鏡フォントセンター』で配布しているフォントに限定します。また「今昔文字鏡フォントを利用するためのソフトウェア」とは、『文字鏡研究会』が『文字鏡フォントセンター』で配布しているソフトウェアを対象とします。「今昔文字鏡フォント」及び「今昔文字鏡フォントを利用するためのソフトウェア」など本件契約対象となる著作物の総称を「本件契約著作物」と定義します。
第二条 	使用許諾

一項　本契約をご承諾のうえ、ご利用の方が以下の全条項について同意されることを条件に、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』は、「本件契約著作物」のご利用者にこれを利用する非独占的権利と、これらを複製し、それを第三者に対して配布することを許諾いたします。

二項　「本件契約著作物」のご利用者が「文字鏡研究会賛助会員」の資格を保持し、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』より本契約とは別途に文書による「本件契約著作物」の利用許諾契約をしている場合は、その内容によって、本契約の使用許諾条件は変更されます。
第三条 	使用制限事項

一項　「本件契約著作物」を配布する場合には【本件契約】より始まる当該契約書の全文を同梱し、配布を受ける方に対して、「本件契約著作物」を利用する場合に本契約に同意する必要があることを明示しなければなりません。

二項　「本件契約著作物」を課金して頒布することを禁止いたします。商業的利益を目的とした商品と併せて頒布することも禁止いたします。『株式会社紀伊國屋書店』発行『今昔文字鏡』の製品版ユーザーとして正式な登録を済ませている方については、「本件契約著作物」を頒布商品と同梱することを許諾いたします。ただし、頒布商品と同梱する場合は、事前にその旨を『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』に報告する必要があり、それが非課金でなされていることを証明する義務を負うものとします。また、当該頒布商品の内容詳細や頒布内容の詳細について『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』から問い合わせがあった場合は、これについての解答を文書によって迅速に行わなければなりません。

三項　「本件契約著作物」に含まれるソフトウェアの使用目的は、「今昔文字鏡フォント」を利用することのみに限定します。それ以外の用途には使用しないことに同意しなくてはなりません。

四項　「本件契約著作物」の構造や編成、コード、データは『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』が多年に渉る膨大な開発費を投じたことによって生成されたきわめて価値のある業務上の秘密情報です。本件契約はこれらの知的財産を含め、「本件契約著作物」に関するいかなる知的財産権をも、ご利用者に付与するものではありません。

五項　「本件契約著作物」の利用を目的として、ソフトウェア、スクリプト、マクロ、スタイルファイルなどのツール類や、文字番号や部首・画数・読み情報、発音情報、文字コード番号などの一覧表やデータベースや対応表やこれに類似するもの、及び各種のオペレーションシステム上やアプリケーション上・通信端末上・これに類似するものの上で使用するためのハードウェアやソフトウェアを作成することや、これを配布すること、またネットワーク上にこれを設置して運用することを禁止します。このような類のものを作成または運用するには、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』より文書による許諾を得ることに同意しなければなりません。これについて許諾を受けた者が、これを配布するための許諾も得ている場合は、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』が発行する配布許諾番号を配布を受ける者に明示しなければなりません。

六項　「本件契約著作物」のご利用者は、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』の文書による許諾を得ずに作成されたツール類、一覧表、データベース、対応表などや、前項で言うハードウェアやソフトウェアを用いて「本件契約著作物」を利用しないことに同意しなくてはなりません。また「本件契約著作物」のご利用者は、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』が発行する配布許諾番号を確認せずに、これらを利用しないことに同意しなくてはなりません。

七項　ご利用者は、「本件契約著作物」のソースコードを修正、改作、翻訳、リバースエンジニアリング、デコンパイル、ディスアセンブルしないこと、又はその他の方法でソースコードを解明しようと試みないことに同意しなくてはなりません。また、ご利用者は、「本件契約著作物」のデータを修正、改作、翻訳、解析、抽出してはなりません。「本件契約著作物」の「今昔文字鏡フォント」を利用するために「本件契約著作物」に含まれるソフトウェア、又は『株式会社紀伊國屋書店』発行『今昔文字鏡』に類似する機能あるいは情報を持つ著作物や生成物は、提供媒体・提供方法・提供の様態が異なっていても作成してはなりません。

八項　ご利用者が、「本件契約著作物」の「今昔文字鏡フォント」から必要な文字だけを抽出し、外字フォントに登録して外字フォントファイルとして利用するためには、そのファイルを使用する者がそれを作成した者と同一の者であり、且つこれを作成者以外の者に利用させないこと、配布や頒布をしないことに同意した場合にのみ許諾されます。また「本件契約著作物」を使用することによって出力できるビットマップ形式フォントを別の画像形式に変換して利用することも禁止いたしますが、その利用目的が完全な非営利であり、利用者がその利用によっていかなる形態の営利活動にも直接間接を問わず利得を与えないことを『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』に保証する場合に限り許諾いたします。

九項　「本件契約著作物」の「今昔文字鏡フォント」から別形式のフォントを作成することを禁止いたします。「今昔文字鏡フォント」から別形式のフォントを作成することを可能とすることを目的としたプログラムや、フィルタ、またはこれらに類似するもの、及び文字鏡フォントに適用するための定義ファイルや設定ファイル、テーブルファイルなどの作成と配布も禁止します。また、「今昔文字鏡フォント」の文字字形、文字番号、及び構造や編成を『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』の著作物以外の生成物に置き換えて使用する場合には本契約とは別途に文書による許諾を『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』より受ける必要があります。

十項　「今昔文字鏡フォント」をネットワーク領域に複写して利用することは禁止いたします。付記に掲示するインターネット上で『文字鏡研究会』が設置している画像形式のフォントの配信の利用は、リンクの設定のみを許諾しているものであり、それらの文字を別のネットワーク領域に複写して運用することは禁止いたします。そのような場合には『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』より別途に許諾を受ける必要があります。
第四条 	「本件契約著作物」の配布と使用表示

一項　『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』は『文字鏡研究会』との間で「本件契約著作物」の配布権について次のような契約を結んでいます。

「今昔文字鏡フォントと今昔文字鏡フォントを利用するためのソフトウェアの配布権委託に関する契約」(発効日;1998年10月11日,満了日;2098年10月11日)

その契約に基づき、『文字鏡研究会』は、更新されるデータやツールを含む「今昔文字鏡フォント」および「今昔文字鏡フォントを利用するためのソフトウェア」を配布する権限を所持します。その管理業務を運営する作業の一切も、『文字鏡研究会』の組織の一部である『文字鏡フォントセンター』が担当します。

二項　ご利用者が、「本件契約著作物」を使用した表記や表現をされる場合は、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』が認定する「今昔文字鏡フォントの使用を明示するイメージマーク」を必ず表示する必要があります。このイメージマークは、『文字鏡フォントセンター』において配布いたします。『文字鏡フォントセンター』の所在は本契約の付記に記します。
第五条 	無保証

一項　「本件契約著作物」を利用することによって発生する事故や障害などによる社会的損失や経済的損失および精神的損失について、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』ならびに『文字鏡研究会』『株式会社紀伊國屋書店』は、それらの補償をする義務がないものとします。

二項　ご利用者は『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』ならびに『文字鏡研究会』『株式会社紀伊國屋書店』に前項の損失についての責務があると主張したり、これらの損失にたいする補償を要求する権利を放棄することに同意しなくてはなりません。
第六条 	準拠法と雑則及び賠償

一項　本契約は、日本国の法律に準拠するものとします。

二項　本契約についての係争が生じた場合には、日本国神奈川県の横浜地方裁判所を法的手段による解決の場とすることに同意しなくてはなりません。

三項　「本件契約著作物」を米国輸出管理法又はその他の輸出規制法、規則、規定によって禁止されている国に出荷、移転又は輸出されることがなく、またはそれらの法令で禁止されている形で使用してはならないものとします。

四項　本契約は、ご利用者が契約条件に違反されると自動的に終了します。

五項　本契約は、『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』の権限ある役員が署名した文書による場合に限り変更することができるものとします。

六項　「本件契約著作物」は、米国及び日本国の著作権法及び国際条約の条項によって保護されています。

七項　ご利用者が「本件契約著作物」の利用にあたって、本契約の約定に背いた場合、ご利用者は、ご利用者に対して『株式会社エーアイ・ネット』ならびに『文字鏡研究会』『株式会社紀伊國屋書店』のそれぞれより損害賠償などの請求が発生することを予め自覚しなければならず、それぞれの賠償請求内容に対して全ての賠償義務を負担することに同意しなくてはなりません。
第七条 	『今昔文字鏡』の文字番号使用上のご注意

一項　『今昔文字鏡』の文字番号00001番から49964番までは、『株式会社大修館書店』のご厚意による許諾を頂き、『大漢和辞典』と同じ番号を使用しておりますが、ご利用者が書籍や論文、ホームページなどでこれらの番号を『大漢和辞典』の番号として表示する場合には『株式会社大修館書店』及び『大漢和辞典』のクレジットを明示しなければなりません。

二項　『今昔文字鏡』の文字番号として使用する場合は『今昔文字鏡』のクレジット、またはイメージマークを明示しなければなりません。
第八条 	付記

「今昔文字鏡フォント使用を明示するイメージマーク」はオンライン上で『今昔文字鏡』の文字番号、あるいは画像形式のフォントの配信サービスなどを利用する場合や、書籍などの印刷物に表示する必要が生じたときに使用します。このイメージマークは、当該利用者以外の第三者がそれを困難なく認知できる場所に明示します。またこのイメージマークをインターネット上で使用する場合は『文字鏡研究会』のホームページへリンクしていなければなりません。『文字鏡フォントセンター』がある『文字鏡研究会』のホームページのアドレスは次のとおりです。

http://www.mojikyo.org/

なお、『文字鏡研究会』ホームページのアドレスは変更になる場合もありますので、その変更後はすみやかにリンク先も変更してください。
　 	（条項終了）

#########
#########


Mojikyo Font Center and Conditions of License for Use of Fonts, etc.
Attention:

THESE licensing documents translated into English are offered only for reference FOR persons who do not understand Japanese, and HAVE NO legal effect.
The only documents with legal validity are those written in "Japanese".
A 	[Business of the Mojikyo Font Center]
The "Mojikyo Study Society" has concluded the Agreement on Entrustment of Distribution with AI-Net Corporation which is the copyright holder with respect to the right to distribute the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" and the "Software to Utilize the Konjaku- Mojikyo Fonts" that are furnished by the "Mojikyo Font Center." Under the Agreement mentioned above, the "Mojikyo Study Society" shall have an authority to distribute the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" and the "Software to Utilize the Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" which include data and tools to be renewed. All administration businesses shall be handled by the "Mojikyo Font Center" operated by the Mojikyo Study Society. Main businesses are as follows:
1. 	 Collection of characters that have not as yet been gathered and recorded in the "Konjaku-Mojikyo";
2. 	Distribution of the Konjaku-Mojikyo fonts, including those characters which have already been contained in and newly added to the "Konjaku-Mojikyo";
3. 	Distribution of the software to utilize the Konjaku-Mojikyo fonts; and
4. 	Distribution of the "Image Mark Specifying the Use of the Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts."
B 	 [Image Mark Specifying the Use of the Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts]


http://www.mojikyo.org/img/mologo.gif


http://www.mojikyo.org/img/mologomini.gif


http://www.mojikyo.org/img/mologo_anime.gif
C 	[Care to be taken by users of the software and fonts distributed from the Mojikyo Font Center]
For acquisition of the right to use software and fonts that are distributed by the Mojikyo Font Center, users are obligated to understand and consent to all contents of the following [Agreement in question].
  	[Agreement in question]
This Agreement is composed of (headlines) and (Provisions - Articles and paragraphs). In the beginning of the full text of (Provisions - Articles and paragraphs), the phrase (Commencement of Provisions - Articles and paragraphs) is indicated, and in the last of the full text of (Provisions - Articles and paragraphs) the phrase (End of Provisions - Articles and paragraphs) is indicated.
(Headline) Agreement on License for Use of "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" and "Software for Utilizing Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts"
(Commencement of Provisions - Articles and paragraphs)
Article 1 	Definitions

The "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" subject to this Agreement shall be limited to those fonts that are distributed by the "Mojikyo Font Center" operated by the "Mojikyo Study Society" with which AI- Net Corporation entrusts distribution from among fonts the copyright of which is owned by AI-Net Corporation. The "Software to Utilize the Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" shall be subject to software distributed through the "Mojikyo Font Center" by the "Mojikyo Study Society." Works subject to this Agreement in question, such as the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts," "Software to Utilize the Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts," etc., shall collectively be defined as the "Works under the Agreement in Question."
Article 2 	License for Use

Paragraph 1 On the conditions that, upon agreeing to this Agreement, users agree to all of the following provisions (Articles and paragraphs), "AI-Net Corporation" shall license to the users of the "Works under the Agreement in question" an nonexclusive right to utilize these Works, and reproduce and distribute them to third parties.

Paragraph 2 In the case where a user of the "Works under the Agreement in question" retains the qualification of the "Mojikyo Study Society Supporting Members" and concludes, separately from this Agreement, an agreement on license for use of the "Works under the Agreement in question" in writing with "AI-Net Corporation," the conditions for license to use in this Agreement shall be changed according to the contents of such agreement.
Article 3 	Matters of Limitation for Use

paragraph 1 In the case where the "Works under the Agreement in question" are distributed, upon including the full text of the said Agreement which starts with the [Agreement in question], it shall be specified to those persons who receive distribution that they are required to agree to this Agreement in the case of utilizing the "Works under the Agreement in question."

paragraph 2 It shall be prohibited to distribute the "Works under the Agreement in question" with compensation, and it shall also be prohibited to distribute them together with any merchandise for the purpose of gaining a commercial benefit. With respect to those persons who have already been registered formally as a user of the product version of the "Konjaku-Mojikyo" issued by "Kinokuniya Bookstore Co., Ltd.," AI-Net Corporation shall license them to distribute the "Works under the Agreement in question" together with a merchandise to be distributed. Provided that in the case of distribution together with the merchandise to be distributed, the users shall be required to report to that effect in advance to AI-Net Corporation and shall be obligated to certify that the distribution is made without compensation. In the case where there is any inquiry about the details of the contents of the said merchandise to be distributed and the contents of distribution, the users shall promptly make response to it in writing.

paragraph 3 The purpose of use of the software included in the "Works under the Agreement in question" shall be limited to utilization of the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts," and the users shall agree not to use it for any other purposes.

paragraph 4 The structure, formation, codes and data of the "Works under the Agreement in question" are extremely valuable confidential information on business that has been generated by putting in a great deal of development expenses extending over many years. The Agreement in question shall not grant the users any intellectual property rights concerning the "Works under the Agreement in question," including these intellectual property rights.

paragraph 5 The users shall be prohibited from creating or distributing, or operating by installing on networks, for the purpose of utilization of the "Works under the Agreement in question," tools, such as software, scripts, macro, and style files, and lists, data base, correspondence tables or those which are similar thereto, such as character numbers, radicals/numbers of strokes/reading information, pronouncing information, and character code numbers, and hardware and software for use on various operation systems, applications, communication terminals, and those which are similar thereto.
For creating and operating these matters mentioned above, the users shall agree to obtain a license in writing from AI-Net Corporation.
In the case where any user who is granted a license in this respect also has obtained a license for distribution, such user shall specify to those persons who receive distribution the distribution license number to be issued by AI-Net Corporation.

paragraph 6 The users of the "Works under the Agreement in question" shall agree not to utilize tools, lists, data base, corresponding tables, etc. which are prepared without obtaining a license in writing from AI-Net Corporation, or the "Works under the Agreement in question" using hardware and software mentioned in the preceding paragraph. The users of the "Works under the Agreement in question" shall agree not to utilize them without confirming the distribution license number issued by AI-Net Corporation.

paragraph 7 The users shall agree not to conduct amendment, transcription, translation, reverse engineering, decompilation, disassembly of the source codes of the "Works under the Agreement in question," or not to try to elucidate the source codes by other methods. The users shall not conduct amendment, transcription, translation, analysis, and extraction of any data of the "Works under the Agreement in question." For the purpose of utilizing the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" of the "Works under the Agreement in question," the users shall agree not to create any software included in the "Works under the Agreement in question" or any work or product having similar function or information to the "Konjaku-Mojikyo" issued by Kinokuniya Bookstore Co., Ltd., even if media supplied/method of supply/mode of supply are different.

paragraph 8 In order that a user may extract only necessary characters from the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" of the "Works under the Agreement in question" and utilize as an external character file upon registering such characters in the external character fonts, the user shall be granted a license only in the case where a person who uses the file is the same person as a person who creates, and the user has agreed not to allow any person other than a creator to utilize, and not to distribute. The users shall also be prohibited from utilizing the bit-mapped fonts which can be output by use of the "Works under the Agreement in question" by converting them into another image form; however, only in the case where a user guarantees "AI-Net Corporation" that the purpose of utilization is perfectly nonprofit-making and the user will not, through utilizing them, give any benefit, whether direct or indirect, to any type of profit-making activities, the user shall be granted a license.

paragraph 9 The users shall be prohibited from creating another form of fonts from the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" of the "Works under the Agreement in question." The users shall also be prohibited from creating and distributing any program or filter for the purpose of making it possible to prepare another form of fonts from the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" or those which are similar thereto, and definition files, set-up files, and table files for application to the Mojikyo Fonts. In the case of using any character type, character number, and structure or formation of the "Konjaku- Mojikyo Fonts" by replacing them with a product other than the works of AI-Net Corporation, the user shall need to obtain a license in writing separately from this Agreement from AI-Net Corporation.

paragraph 10 The users shall be prohibited from utilizing the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" by reproducing them on the network domain. With respect to utilization of delivery of fonts in the image form installed by the "Mojikyo Study Society" on the internet as presented in Supplementary Note, only setting up of a link is being licensed, and the users shall be prohibited from operating these characters by reproducing them on another network domain. In such case, the users must obtain a license separately from AI-Net Corporation.
Article 4 	Distribution and Indication of Use of the "Works under the Agreement in question"

paragraph 1 AI-Net Corporation has concluded the following agreement with respect to the right of distribution of the "Works under the Agreement in question" with the "Mojikyo Study Society."

"Agreement regarding Entrustment of the Right to Distribute the Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts and Software for Utilizing the Konjaku- Mojikyo Fonts" (Date of effectuation: Noon on October 11, 1998, Date of expiration: Noon on October 11, 2098)

On the basis of the Agreement mentioned above, the "Mojikyo Study Society" shall have the authority to distribute the "Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" and the "Software for Utilizing the Konjaku-Mojikyo Fonts" which include data and tools to be updated. All works operating the administrative business shall be handled by the "Mojikyo Font Center" which is a part of the organization of the "Mojikyo Study Society."

paragraph 2 In the case where the users intend to make inscription or expression using the "Works under the Agreement in question," it is necessary for them to indicate, without fail, the "Image mark specifying the use of the Konjaku-Mojikyo." This "image mark" shall be distributed by the "Mojikyo Font Center."
The location of the "Mojikyo Font Center" is indicated in Supplementary Note of this Agreement.
Article 5 	No Guarantee

paragraph 1 With respect to social loss, economic loss and mental loss due to accident or obstruction arisen by utilization of the "Works under the Agreement in question," "AI-Net Corporation," the "Mojikyo Study Society," and "Kinokuniya Bookstore Co., Ltd." shall not be obligated to Compensation these losses.

paragraph 2 The users shall agree to renounce the rights to assert that the AI-Net Corporation, the "Mojikyo Study Society" and "Kinokuniya Bookstore Co., Ltd." are liable for the losses mentioned in the preceding paragraph, or to demand the Compensation for these losses.
Article 6 	Governing Law, Miscellaneous Provisions and Compensation for Damage

paragraph 1 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Japan.

paragraph 2 In the case where any dispute in respect of this Agreement arises, the users shall agree that the Yokohama District Court located in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, is the place where such dispute is settled through legal means.

paragraph 3 The "Works under the Agreement in question" shall not be shipped, transferred or exported to any country which is prohibited from doing so by the Export Control Law of the United States or other export regulation laws, regulations, provisions, or shall not be used in the form prohibited by these Laws and Regulations.

paragraph 4 This Agreement shall automatically be terminated if the user violates any of the contractual conditions.

paragraph 5 This Agreement may be changed only in the case of a document on which an officer authorized by the AI-Net Corporation affixes its signature.

paragraph 6 The "Works under the Agreement in question" shall be protected by the provisions of the Copyright Law in the United States and Japan and the provisions of the international treaties concerned.

paragraph 7 In the case where any user, in utilizing the "Works under the Agreement in question," has violated any stipulation of this Agreement, the user must be conscious, in advance, of arising a claim of compensation for damage, etc. from each of AI-Net Corporation, the "Mojikyo Study Society" and "Kinokuniya Bookstore Co., Ltd.," and the user shall agree to assume all obligations of compensation for damage with respect to the respective contents of claims of compensation for damage.
Article 7 	Care on Use of the Character Number of the "Konjaku- Mojikyo"

paragraph 1 Although the same numbers as those which are used in the "Dai Kanwa Dictionary" are being used for the Mojikyo numbers 0001 through 49964 under the license granted through the good offices of Taishukan Bookstore Co., Ltd., in the case where any user indicates these numbers as the number of the "Dai Kanwa Dictionary" in books, theses, home pages, etc., the user shall specify the credits of "Taishukan Bookstore Co., Ltd." and "Dai Kanwa Dictionary."

paragraph 2 In the case where any user uses these numbers as the character numbers of the "Konjaku-Mojikyo," the user shall specify the credits or an image mark of the "Konjaku-Mojikyo."
Article 8 	Supplementary Note

The "Image mark specifying the use of the Mojikyo Fonts" shall be used in the case where the character numbers of the Mojikyo or delivery service of fonts in the image form are utilized on-line or when necessity to indicate it on printing matters, like books, arises. This image mark shall be specified in the place where it is recognized without difficulty by the third party other than the relevant user. In the case where this image mark is used on internet, it shall have been linked to the home page of the "Mojikyo Study Society." Address of the home page of the "Mojikyo Study Society" where the "Mojikyo Font Center" is located is as follows"

http://www.mojikyo.org/

Since there may be a case where the address of the home page of the "Mojikyo Study Society" is changed, after such change takes place, the place to which the address is linked shall be promptly changed.
  	(Completion of Provisions - Articles and paragraphs)
　 	"Supplementary Provisions of Regulations for Utilization"
(Enforced on April 1, 2000)

The provisions concerning the license for utilization of documentary files in the PDF form constituted by cutting out and filling up optional characters' shapes from the font files of the "Konjaku-Mojikyo."

1. For creating a document file in the PDF form constituted by cutting out and filling up optional characters' shapes from the font files of the "Konjaku-Mojikyo," in reconstructing the Mojikyo fonts, the users need to become a regular registered user of the product version as well as obtain separately a license for use as explained below.

2. A party which must obtain such license shall be the executor of the reconstruction. The executor of the reconstruction shall propose in advance such reconstruction in writing together with a written plan to the Mojikyo Study Society.

3. Judgment as to whether the act of the reconstruction and its result are nonprofit-making or profit-making shall be made by the Mojikyo Study Society which owns the right to distribute the fonts and AI-Net Corporation which owns the copyright of the fonts upon mutual consultation.

4.  A: In the case where the act of the reconstruction and its result are nonprofit-making, the users may receive the grant of a license without compensation.
     B: In the case where the act of the reconstruction and its result are made for the purpose of gaining profit, a license fee shall be set up according to the size of revenue of the executor, the size of business of the enterpriser, or sales of the products of the reconstruction or the size of a contract.

5. Although the license fee will be determined upon consultation to be held separately, in the case where all of the following conditions are satisfied, the license fee shall be exempted:
1) If the size of revenue is less than ten million yen (10,000,000);
2) If the size of business is less than one hundred million yen (100,000,000) (However, in the case of individual enterprisers, less than thirty million yen (30,000,000); and
3) If the sales of the results or the size of the contract is less than ten million yen (10,000,000).
(End of doc)